hey you know what I just realized if you
guys ever have kids oh well we're having
kids I call Godfather you can't just
call Godfather don't you think her
brother should be Godfather sure if you
cared enough to call it first you're a
few steps ahead of us yeah big
zero-gravity moon steps oh oh I just
thought of the greatest wedding gift to
get you oh I'll go in on that with you I
couldn't think of anything Katie
everyone this is Katie so you ready to
go yeah just gonna run the bathroom oh
sure right back there
hey well I was thinking maybe Chinese
food oh I love Chinese she is so cute
you could fit her right in a little
pocket I don't know I mean I like her a
lot and she's really nice but but what
she keeps punching cute little sweet way
she just did it's a lot harder than it
looks
she's hurting me I know what you need
you need a bodyguard hey Ross what is
Ben doing after preschool joey is having
a problem little girl who's beating him
up look honey I know this must be really
really difficult for you you know I'm
sorry am i hurting you
you were so funny with that waiter
you're such a nut you know breadstick
fangs are always funny so no you make
them funny
look Katie listen we need to talk okay
look I like you I I really do I like
okay but sometimes when you when you
playfully punch me like that it feels
like someone's hitting me with a very
tiny but a very real bat Oh like I could
hurt you
are you making fun of my size
[Music]
Wow you look you look big thanks I've
been working out hey listen is it
obvious I'm wearing six sweaters well
look I'm breaking up with Katy so I had
to put on some extra padding you know I
mean if she hits me when she's happy can
you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me
when I tell him taking away the Joey
love that's a swelled Wow did Joey tell
you to say that you guys are too much
oh yeah you know what I gotta tell ya
III think you were the one that is
Oh Joey has the nicest friends oh and
the nicest girlfriend you're so sweet
oh you're so sweet
[Applause]
Joey she just kicked me here huh aren't
you gonna do something uh you better do
something or I'm gonna walk out that
door right now
well are you gonna